Taylor Rohrich
----
Week 0 Schedule:
~Daniel will hover and show off his dope projects~
1. Course Logistics
2. Course overview of repo
3. Introduction of PL's, PC's, involvement in HackCville
4. Computer Setup (setup.txt)
5. "What is software development?" (Think in groups, share)
6. Give an example of some app you made and the different parts of it and how they fit together
7. "Think of a problem that first years at Uva may have (meeting friends? finding classes?)"  (Think in groups, share)
8. Introduce project
9. Remainder of time work on project
10. Remind them to sign out at this link! hackcville.com/coursesignin 

Week 0 Project:

Part 1:
    Think of an application that could be useful for a new college student at UVA. Think of a problem that needs to be solved
    for first years at UVA! The goal of this exercise is to start thinking about the things that need to go into an app.
    Create a very rough wireframe of what the app interface would look like: you can either sketch this on paper or use a wireframe website (I recommend Marvel).
    It doesn't have to be super detailed, just enough to give an idea of how a user would interface with the app. After you have a 
    rough sketch, think of what tools you would need to build your application, and compile them in a word doc. Here are some things to think about:

    1. What is the purpose of the website?
    2. Do I need to grab data from anywhere?
    3. Where would I want to store data?
    4. Do we want a mobile app or a typical website?
    5. Specific programming language(s) to use? (don't worry if you don't know any for this one)
    6. Would I want users to sign in, and how would I handle user authentication?

    The list above is just some things to think about-- you don't necessarily need to include every one, and are not limited to the list.
    Obviously, some of these topics you may not know a lot about, as we have only had about an hour of class time! Not to worry, we just
    want to see that you have given a couple topics some thought (google is certainly your friend here!)

Part 2:
    Just so everyone is on the same page, please also complete the codeAcademy course on JavaScript:
    https://www.codecademy.com/learn/introduction-to-javascript
    
What to submit:
    (working) link to a google doc filled in on this Google Sheets: 
    https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1fEgONDdcE1RGMCH_zVTnXt36R4Q4q4dTC7WcPYYqTVc/edit?usp=sharing

    Your google doc should include:
    1. A summary of your findings from Part 1
    2. A screenshot of the "completion" page of the JavaScript course


